I will stand my watch and set myself on
I will stand my watch and set myself on the rampart and watch to see what he
the rampart and watch to see what he
the rampart and watch to see what he will say to me and what I will answer
will say to me and what I will answer
will say to me and what I will answer when I am corrected then the Lord
when I am corrected then the Lord
when I am corrected then the Lord answered me and said write the vision
answered me and said write the vision
answered me and said write the vision and make it plain on tablets that he may
and make it plain on tablets that he may
and make it plain on tablets that he may run who reads it for the vision is yet
run who reads it for the vision is yet
run who reads it for the vision is yet for an appointed time but at the end it
for an appointed time but at the end it
for an appointed time but at the end it will speak and it will not lie though it
will speak and it will not lie though it
will speak and it will not lie though it tarries wait for it because it will
tarries wait for it because it will
tarries wait for it because it will surely come it will not tarry
surely come it will not tarry
surely come it will not tarry behold the proud his soul is not upright
behold the proud his soul is not upright
behold the proud his soul is not upright in him but the just shall live by his
in him but the just shall live by his
in him but the just shall live by his faith woe to the wicked indeed because
faith woe to the wicked indeed because
faith woe to the wicked indeed because he transgresses by wine he is a proud
he transgresses by wine he is a proud
he transgresses by wine he is a proud man and he does not stay at home because
man and he does not stay at home because
man and he does not stay at home because he enlarges his desire as hell and he is
he enlarges his desire as hell and he is
he enlarges his desire as hell and he is like death and cannot be satisfied he
like death and cannot be satisfied he
like death and cannot be satisfied he gathers to himself all nations and heaps
gathers to himself all nations and heaps
gathers to himself all nations and heaps up for himself all peoples will not all
up for himself all peoples will not all
up for himself all peoples will not all these take up a proverb against him and
these take up a proverb against him and
these take up a proverb against him and a taunting riddle against him and say
a taunting riddle against him and say
a taunting riddle against him and say woe to him who increases what is not his
woe to him who increases what is not his
woe to him who increases what is not his how long and to him who loads himself
how long and to him who loads himself
how long and to him who loads himself with many pledges will not your
with many pledges will not your
with many pledges will not your creditors rise up suddenly will they not
creditors rise up suddenly will they not
creditors rise up suddenly will they not awaken who oppress you and you will
awaken who oppress you and you will
awaken who oppress you and you will become their booty because you have
become their booty because you have
become their booty because you have plundered many nations all the remnant
plundered many nations all the remnant
plundered many nations all the remnant of the people shall plunder you because
of the people shall plunder you because
of the people shall plunder you because of men's blood and the violence of the
of men's blood and the violence of the
of men's blood and the violence of the land
land
land and the city and of all who dwell in it
and the city and of all who dwell in it
and the city and of all who dwell in it woe to him who covets evil gain for his
woe to him who covets evil gain for his
woe to him who covets evil gain for his house that he may set his nest on high
house that he may set his nest on high
house that he may set his nest on high that he may be delivered from the power
that he may be delivered from the power
that he may be delivered from the power of disaster you give shameful counsel to
of disaster you give shameful counsel to
of disaster you give shameful counsel to your house cutting off many people's and
your house cutting off many people's and
your house cutting off many people's and sin against yourself for the stone will
sin against yourself for the stone will
sin against yourself for the stone will cry out from the wall and the beam from
cry out from the wall and the beam from
cry out from the wall and the beam from the Timbers will answer it woe to him
the Timbers will answer it woe to him
the Timbers will answer it woe to him who builds a tongue with bloodshed who
who builds a tongue with bloodshed who
who builds a tongue with bloodshed who establishes a city by iniquity behold is
establishes a city by iniquity behold is
establishes a city by iniquity behold is it not of the Lord of Hosts that the
it not of the Lord of Hosts that the
it not of the Lord of Hosts that the people's labor to feed the fire and
people's labor to feed the fire and
people's labor to feed the fire and nations weary themselves in vain for the
nations weary themselves in vain for the
nations weary themselves in vain for the earth will be filled with the knowledge
earth will be filled with the knowledge
earth will be filled with the knowledge of the glory of the Lord as the waters
of the glory of the Lord as the waters
of the glory of the Lord as the waters cover the sea world to him who gives
cover the sea world to him who gives
cover the sea world to him who gives drink to his neighbor pressing him to
drink to his neighbor pressing him to
drink to his neighbor pressing him to your bottle even to make him drunk that
your bottle even to make him drunk that
your bottle even to make him drunk that you may look on his nakedness you are
you may look on his nakedness you are
you may look on his nakedness you are filled with shed instead of glory you
filled with shed instead of glory you
filled with shed instead of glory you also drink and be exposed as
also drink and be exposed as
also drink and be exposed as uncircumcised the cup of the Lord's
uncircumcised the cup of the Lord's
uncircumcised the cup of the Lord's right hand will be turned against you
right hand will be turned against you
right hand will be turned against you and utter shame will be on your glory
and utter shame will be on your glory
and utter shame will be on your glory for the violence done to Lebanon will
for the violence done to Lebanon will
for the violence done to Lebanon will cover you and the plunder of beasts
cover you and the plunder of beasts
cover you and the plunder of beasts which made them afraid because of men's
which made them afraid because of men's
which made them afraid because of men's blood and the violence of the land and
blood and the violence of the land and
blood and the violence of the land and the city and of all who dwell in it
the city and of all who dwell in it
the city and of all who dwell in it what profit is the image that its maker
what profit is the image that its maker
what profit is the image that its maker should carve it the molded image a
should carve it the molded image a
should carve it the molded image a teacher of lies
teacher of lies
teacher of lies that the maker of its mold should trust
that the maker of its mold should trust
that the maker of its mold should trust in it to make mute idols woe to him who
in it to make mute idols woe to him who
in it to make mute idols woe to him who says to would awake to silent stone
says to would awake to silent stone
says to would awake to silent stone arise it shall teach behold it is
arise it shall teach behold it is
arise it shall teach behold it is overlaid with gold and silver yet in it
overlaid with gold and silver yet in it
overlaid with gold and silver yet in it there is no breath at all but the Lord
there is no breath at all but the Lord
there is no breath at all but the Lord is in his holy temple let all the earth
is in his holy temple let all the earth
is in his holy temple let all the earth keep silence before him
keep silence before him
keep silence before him [Music]